You've met a lot of entrepreneurs,
people who are successful, people
who have failed, which would you
say, if you had to highlight three desirable
attributes for a perfect entrepreneur
or the perfect entrepreneur,
which would you say
they are?
Well look, one of the attributes
that is a topic to say, but it's
a reality like a temple is passion,
passion, and why passion?
Passion is what in the difficult moments
will make you get the best out of
you to be able to continue carrying
it out, without passion at the end
of the day you can not get up and
fight against the current and give
it all 15 hours a day if you don't
have it.
Yes, because you often find yourself
with many unforeseen things that if...
With millions and that's where I'
m going to go to the next attribute
that you have to have that is resilience.
Resilience is fundamental because
it looks, being an entrepreneur
is to break 500 times, there are
good numbers or there are bad
numbers, because many times you find
yourself with millions of problems
in which the only way to
solve them is to get out of you
the best you are even lower to
raise you even more and do
things much bigger than you
had done before and that you
do when you are from below.
If you don't have that there are people
for example that I've known that that
is a supernatural gift that you have,
that when you are below you come
up and do something formidable and
then unfortunately I've met people that
just when you are below you get depressed,
leave it, abandon it and so
on.
Then those two attributes passion
and resilience for me are
fundamental in an entrepreneur,
because if it is not better
to work for someone, try to find
a great job in which when you
work for someone the good thing
it generally has is that you
on Friday at 5 pm, at the
time you can hang the bat
there in the office, you go home
and disconnect and you
can disconnect the weekend.
When you start a business, you
have it in your head 24 hours
a day.
In fact, the most difficult task
of the entrepreneur is how to disconnect
in free time and not be obsessed
with your own work because you have
repeat in those three attributes
you have passion, resilience
and the third and not least
important common sense.
People believe that starting
a business is ultimately making
things complicated and difficult, and
if you look at the probably
the most interesting in the world
are the simplest.
Looking at the branch in which
I am that is the internet, example
Amazon does not cease to be a
traditional company that
sold its competitors companies
sold online tradition in stores
to sell it the online that then
was increasing vertical and that
then obviously then created
a monster and has created
a lot of technology because for
example being innovative in
logistics, being innovative in
processes etc etc etc but
as it started is with common
sense I want to sell online
books Uber as he started eye
I want to give better service
to cabify in this case also
how to give better
service than the taxis more
comfortable and be able to ask
directly online facebook how
can I connect with everyone
being in my home without
having to be traveling
without having that such how
can I share my experiences
instagram with photos or
it is here the most successful
generally are not the
invention of a wheel
or the invention of
the lamp of a lamp
etc etc etc